<div id="bodyContent">
<h3 id="siteSub">From GTALUG</h3>
<div id="contentSub"></div>
<!-- start content -->
<table class="toc" id="toc"><tr><td><div id="toctitle"><h2>Contents</h2></div>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Executive_Meeting_-_2007-09-24"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Executive Meeting - 2007-09-24</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Old_Business"><span class="tocnumber">1.1</span> <span class="toctext">Old Business</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Ongoing_Business"><span class="tocnumber">1.2</span> <span class="toctext">Ongoing Business</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-3"><a href="#Ontario_LinuxFest"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Ontario LinuxFest</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3"><a href="#IT360"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.2</span> <span class="toctext">IT360</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3"><a href="#Wiki"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Wiki</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3"><a href="#October:_Elections"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.4</span> <span class="toctext">October: Elections</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3"><a href="#Financial_Report_Runthru"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.5</span> <span class="toctext">Financial Report Runthru</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3"><a href="#Membership_Cards"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.6</span> <span class="toctext">Membership Cards</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3"><a href="#Talk_Coordinator"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.7</span> <span class="toctext">Talk Coordinator</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</td></tr></table>
<p><script type="text/javascript"> if (window.showTocToggle) { var tocShowText = "show"; var tocHideText = "hide"; showTocToggle(); } </script>
</p>
<div class="editsection" style="float:right;margin-left:5px;">[<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Executive:2007-09-24&amp;action=edit&amp;section=1" title="Executive:2007-09-24">edit</a>]</div><a name="Executive_Meeting_-_2007-09-24"></a><h1> Executive Meeting - 2007-09-24 </h1>
<div class="editsection" style="float:right;margin-left:5px;">[<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Executive:2007-09-24&amp;action=edit&amp;section=2" title="Executive:2007-09-24">edit</a>]</div><a name="Old_Business"></a><h2> Old Business </h2>
<ul><li> See <a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/wiki/Executive:2007-08-27" title="Executive:2007-08-27">Executive:2007-08-27</a>
</li><li> Plonk funds - shift to October...
</li></ul>
<ul><li> Software Freedom Day: Aftermath (empty of sound or fury...)
</li></ul>
<div class="editsection" style="float:right;margin-left:5px;">[<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Executive:2007-09-24&amp;action=edit&amp;section=3" title="Executive:2007-09-24">edit</a>]</div><a name="Ongoing_Business"></a><h2> Ongoing Business </h2>
<div class="editsection" style="float:right;margin-left:5px;">[<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Executive:2007-09-24&amp;action=edit&amp;section=4" title="Executive:2007-09-24">edit</a>]</div><a name="Ontario_LinuxFest"></a><h3> Ontario LinuxFest </h3>
<ul><li> Who's responsible???
</li><li> <a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/wiki/OntarioLinuxFest" title="OntarioLinuxFest">OntarioLinuxFest</a>
</li><li> We clearly won't be putting up the hi-tech <a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/wiki/BoothEngineering" title="BoothEngineering">booth</a>; should update plans with the PVC plumbing information for future work
</li><li> What <i>do</i> we need for OLF?
<ul><li> Tables - Drew to bring this - 8x3
</li><li> Drapery - Drew has this
</li><li> Posters?  Gord to get an easel + bristol-board
</li><li> Buttons - Drew to bring remainders of buttons, box of paperwork
</li><li> Handouts?
<ul><li> Chris found biz card stock at $6/250 that can be run thru laserprinter and will build something
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
<ul><li> CLUE wants GTALUG to participate in the "Bearpit Session" (on advocacy)
</li></ul>
<div class="editsection" style="float:right;margin-left:5px;">[<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Executive:2007-09-24&amp;action=edit&amp;section=5" title="Executive:2007-09-24">edit</a>]</div><a name="IT360"></a><h3> IT360 </h3>
<ul><li> Will be happening in 2007
</li><li> More happening...
</li></ul>
<div class="editsection" style="float:right;margin-left:5px;">[<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Executive:2007-09-24&amp;action=edit&amp;section=6" title="Executive:2007-09-24">edit</a>]</div><a name="Wiki"></a><h3> Wiki </h3>
<ul><li> MediaWiki upgrade plans?
<ul><li> Last month, Drew was hoping "soon now."
</li><li> Not much visible; Drew has been setting up a Fedora Core 5 system (needful for PHP v5) and a MySQL cluster
</li></ul>
</li><li> Gradual plan to document board activities, publicizing once documenting it has become a "good habit"
<ul><li> We're up to 2 months of documentation in a row; once we hit six months, it's fair to declare "openness." 
</li></ul>
</li><li> We've got a copy of bylaws + constitution online - need to verify that it's legit before putting it on the wiki (and probably locking it down!)
<ul><li> Thanks to Bill for providing the electronic copy
</li><li> After examination, the copy is clearly very out of date
</li><li> Chris has borrowed the Official Copy; will upload PDFs of the relevant material
<ul><li> <a class="image" href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/wiki/Image:GTALUG_Bylaw.pdf" title="GTALUG Bylaws - first edition"><img alt="GTALUG Bylaws - first edition" longdesc="/wiki/Image:GTALUG_Bylaw.pdf" src="/web/20080725054512im_/http://tlug.ss.org/images/b/b4/GTALUG_Bylaw.pdf"/></a>
</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li><li> FYI, Chris updated <a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/wiki/Membership" title="Membership">Membership</a> and created <a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/wiki/Formal_GTALUG_membership" title="Formal GTALUG membership">Formal GTALUG membership</a> on the wiki
</li></ul>
<div class="editsection" style="float:right;margin-left:5px;">[<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Executive:2007-09-24&amp;action=edit&amp;section=7" title="Executive:2007-09-24">edit</a>]</div><a name="October:_Elections"></a><h3> October: Elections </h3>
<ul><li> Returning officer: Bill Thanis
</li><li> Nominations
<ul><li> People in / away
</li><li> Need to publicize requirements (e.g. - Canadian resident who has not declared bankruptcy)
</li><li> Bill will be handling a submission process for would-be nominees (action item - Bill Thanis)
<ul><li> This should address the matter of handling having nominees that may be unable to be physically at the October AGM.
</li></ul>
</li><li> Members who joined at IT360 - still to be treated as members at election time
</li></ul>
</li><li> Should open issue as to when the executive meeting should be held
</li><li> David Patrick should send Board a list of possible Board candidates
</li><li> Bill should send Herb Richter an email enquiring of his interest in Board / Executive
</li></ul>
<div class="editsection" style="float:right;margin-left:5px;">[<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Executive:2007-09-24&amp;action=edit&amp;section=8" title="Executive:2007-09-24">edit</a>]</div><a name="Financial_Report_Runthru"></a><h3> Financial Report Runthru </h3>
<ul><li> Chris has drafty statements
</li><li> Will send on to Bill Thanis
</li></ul>
<div class="editsection" style="float:right;margin-left:5px;">[<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Executive:2007-09-24&amp;action=edit&amp;section=9" title="Executive:2007-09-24">edit</a>]</div><a name="Membership_Cards"></a><h3> Membership Cards </h3>
<p>Chris was to bring the box of membership cards - forgot them.  Oops.
</p><p>Chris will drop the box off @ Drew's.
</p>
<div class="editsection" style="float:right;margin-left:5px;">[<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Executive:2007-09-24&amp;action=edit&amp;section=10" title="Executive:2007-09-24">edit</a>]</div><a name="Talk_Coordinator"></a><h3> Talk Coordinator </h3>
<ul><li> Robert Brockway has asked to step down
</li><li> Drew Sullivan needs to send him a note to thank him for his assistance
</li><li> <a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/wiki/Amos_H._Weatherill" title="Amos H. Weatherill">Amos_H._Weatherill</a> proposed as candidate
</li><li> Make new list: tlug-talk, with Amos as main poster, place to coordinate talk contacts
</li><li> Amos should contact Robert to see if there's a "pipeline" left...
</li></ul>
<div class="printfooter">
Retrieved from "<a href="/web/20080725054512/http://gtalug.org/wiki/Executive:2007-09-24">http://gtalug.org/wiki/Executive:2007-09-24</a>"</div>
<div id="catlinks"><p class="catlinks"><a href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Special:Categories&amp;article=Executive%3A2007-09-24" title="Special:Categories">Categories</a>: <a class="new" href="/web/20080725054512/http://tlug.ss.org/index.php?title=Category:Executive_Meetings&amp;action=edit" title="Category:Executive Meetings">Executive Meetings</a></p></div> <!-- end content -->
<div class="visualClear"></div>
</div>