<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  
  

  


  

  <head>
    <title>
      Meetings/2011-02-28 – GTALUG Executive
    </title>
        <link rel="search" href="/executive/search" />
        <link rel="help" href="/executive/wiki/TracGuide" />
        <link rel="alternate" href="/executive/wiki/Meetings/2011-02-28?format=txt" type="text/x-trac-wiki" title="Plain Text" />
        <link rel="up" href="/executive/wiki/Meetings" title="View parent page" />
        <link rel="start" href="/executive/wiki" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="/executive/chrome/common/css/trac.css" type="text/css" /><link rel="stylesheet" href="/executive/chrome/common/css/wiki.css" type="text/css" />
        <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/executive/chrome/common/trac.ico" type="image/x-icon" />
        <link rel="icon" href="/executive/chrome/common/trac.ico" type="image/x-icon" />
      <link type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" rel="search" href="/executive/search/opensearch" title="Search GTALUG Executive" />
    <script type="text/javascript" src="/executive/chrome/common/js/jquery.js"></script><script type="text/javascript" src="/executive/chrome/common/js/trac.js"></script><script type="text/javascript" src="/executive/chrome/common/js/search.js"></script>
    <!--[if lt IE 7]>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="/executive/chrome/common/js/ie_pre7_hacks.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->
    <script type="text/javascript">
      jQuery(document).ready(function($) {
        $("#content").find("h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6").addAnchor("Link to this section");
      });
    </script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="banner">
      <div id="header">
        <a id="logo" href="/executive/wiki/TracIni#header_logo-section"><img src="http://gtalug.org/mediawiki/images/gtalug-logos/gtalug-logo-small.png" alt="" /></a>
      </div>
      <form id="search" action="/executive/search" method="get">
        <div>
          <label for="proj-search">Search:</label>
          <input type="text" id="proj-search" name="q" size="18" value="" />
          <input type="submit" value="Search" />
        </div>
      </form>
      <div id="metanav" class="nav">
    <ul>
      <li class="first"><a href="/executive/login">Login</a></li><li><a href="/executive/prefs">Preferences</a></li><li><a href="/executive/wiki/TracGuide">Help/Guide</a></li><li><a href="/executive/about">About Trac</a></li><li class="last"><a href="/executive/register">Register</a></li>
    </ul>
  </div>
    </div>
    <div id="mainnav" class="nav">
    <ul>
      <li class="first active"><a href="/executive/wiki">Wiki</a></li><li><a href="/executive/timeline">Timeline</a></li><li><a href="/executive/roadmap">Roadmap</a></li><li><a href="/executive/browser">Browse Source</a></li><li><a href="/executive/report">View Tickets</a></li><li class="last"><a href="/executive/search">Search</a></li>
    </ul>
  </div>
    <div id="main">
      <div id="ctxtnav" class="nav">
        <h2>Context Navigation</h2>
          <ul>
              <li class="first"><a href="/executive/wiki/Meetings">Up</a></li><li><a href="/executive/wiki/WikiStart">Start Page</a></li><li><a href="/executive/wiki/TitleIndex">Index</a></li><li><a href="/executive/wiki/Meetings/2011-02-28?action=history">History</a></li><li class="last"><a href="/executive/wiki/Meetings/2011-02-28?action=diff&amp;version=12">Last Change</a></li>
          </ul>
        <hr />
      </div>
    <div id="content" class="wiki">
      <p class="path noprint">
        <a class="pathentry" title="View Meetings" href="/executive/wiki/Meetings">Meetings</a><span class="pathentry sep">/</span><a class="pathentry" title="View Meetings/2011-02-28" href="/executive/wiki/Meetings/2011-02-28">2011-02-28</a>
        <br style="clear: both" />
      </p>
      <div class="wikipage searchable">
        
          <h1 id="BoredMeeting2011-02-28">Bored Meeting 2011-02-28</h1>
<h2 id="Attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>
Drew Sullivan, Gord Chilcott, Mike Kalles, Myles Braithwaithe, Chris Browne, Colin <a class="missing wiki">McGregor?</a>, David Collier Brown, Scott Sullivan, Jeff Pikul, Seneca Cunningham
</p>
<h2 id="Agenda">Agenda</h2>
<ul><li>PAC
</li><li>ICANN
</li><li>Upcoming Meetings
</li><li>Projector
</li><li>Conference possibilities - return of OLGF
</li><li>Things to announce
</li><li>Anything to say about Legal Stuff Involving Trials That Are Private?
</li></ul><h2 id="RegularBusiness:UpcomingMeetings">Regular Business: Upcoming Meetings</h2>
<ul><li>February - Scott to do Plan 9, alas ill, so April... 
</li><li>March - Sasha Chua - on mobile org-mode
</li><li>April - Scott, on Plan 9, likely?
</li><li>May - Heather Leeson, open source disaster management software - USHAHIDI - <a class="ext-link" href="http://ushahidi.com/"><span class="icon"> </span>http://ushahidi.com/</a>
</li><li>June - guy that does podcasts, on how to do such
</li><li>July - Leah Honeywell - Hacklab items
</li><li>June-August likely to have Dynamic Languages' speakers
</li><li>Meeting cross-pollenation
<ul><li>KWLUG
</li><li>Gord visiting Ottawa + OCLUG
</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id="Anythingtoannouncepublicly">Anything to announce publicly?</h2>
<ul><li>We should be just a leetle careful about the Byron Sonne discussion
</li><li>There is a big, serious publication ban
</li><li>Note it was requested by the defence, so we should discourage any gaming of the rules
</li></ul><h2 id="ICANN">ICANN</h2>
<ul><li>Plan: might be able to publish ICANN material across things like RSS using Posterous
</li><li>Gord suggests forwarding some material to a subset of GTALUG folk
</li><li>Gord &amp; Myles would distill this into a result
</li><li>This was proposed; somewhat positive response.
</li><li>Objective is to get ICANN "in the face" of membership
</li></ul><h2 id="PoliticalAdvocacyCommittee">Political Advocacy Committee</h2>
<blockquote>
<p>
Colin is circulating a letter he sent to his MP expressing displeasure about usage-based billing.
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
New premier of BC is in place, which changes some of the political dynamic.
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
Our issues are side-issues beside the upcoming issues likely to be determinants of direction for likely upcoming election.
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
"Toronto must have UBB otherwise Edmonton will become the next Toronto."
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
James made sure there were minutes last meeting.
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
<a class="missing wiki">FreeGeek?</a> is running <a class="missing wiki">LinuxFest?</a> - will be soliciting volunteers.
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
David heard back from John Filion, councillor for Willowdale, meeting March 6, 8pm, nearby.  PAC to meet with him.
</p>
</blockquote>
<h2 id="Conferences">Conferences</h2>
<blockquote>
<p>
<a class="missing wiki">LinuxFest?</a> is alive again...   Efforts have already begun in some earnest.
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
Suggestion is that we officially state we're here to help.
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
Motion: that we offer (nonfinancial) assistance to <a class="missing wiki">LinuxFest?</a>.
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
(Unanimously passed.)
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
IT360 was mentioned; to our surprise, it still exists.  Seems mockable.
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
FSOSS coming, too, at about the same time.
</p>
</blockquote>
<h2 id="Projecting">Projecting</h2>
<ul><li>Need a bit of "contract drafting foo"
<ul><li>Oral agreement...
</li><li>$120 every six months
</li><li>Expectation of availability at meeting every month
</li><li>The projector should remain in the Province of Ontario
</li><li>Option both ways to drop out based on that 6 months notice
</li><li>Specs likely to be...
<ul><li>1500-2000 lumens
</li><li>At least 1024x768
</li><li>Want to have them be usable with netbooks (4:3) and others (16:9)
</li><li>It's of value to Drew to not need to schlep around a big monster
</li><li>At this point, DLP seems to be preferable to LED
</li></ul></li><li>By virtue of it belonging to Drew, various agency issues go away
</li><li>Plan: Next exec meeting we should have the projector; everyone bring their favorite laptop to verify they all work with it.
</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id="IRConHeadingtoGTALUG">IRC on Heading to GTALUG</h2>
<blockquote>
<p>
Issue of sexual harassment policy...
</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>
PAC should talk about public-facing policy about this, in two pieces:
</p>
</blockquote>
<ul><li>Official policy, to declare
</li><li>Management policy, as to what to do
</li></ul><blockquote>
<p>
Look at Ubuntu code of conduct and such...
</p>
</blockquote>

        
        
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="altlinks">
      <h3>Download in other formats:</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="last first">
          <a rel="nofollow" href="/executive/wiki/Meetings/2011-02-28?format=txt">Plain Text</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><hr />
      <a id="tracpowered" href="http://trac.edgewall.org/"><img src="/executive/chrome/common/trac_logo_mini.png" height="30" width="107" alt="Trac Powered" /></a>
      <p class="left">
        Powered by <a href="/executive/about"><strong>Trac 0.11.5</strong></a><br />
        By <a href="http://www.edgewall.org/">Edgewall Software</a>.
      </p>
      <p class="right">Visit the GTALUG Homepage at<br /><a href="http://gtalug.org/">http://gtalugl.org/</a></p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>