<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  
  

  


  

  <head>
    <title>
      Meetings/2013-09-23 – GTALUG Executive
    </title>
        <link rel="search" href="/executive/search" />
        <link rel="help" href="/executive/wiki/TracGuide" />
        <link rel="alternate" href="/executive/wiki/Meetings/2013-09-23?format=txt" type="text/x-trac-wiki" title="Plain Text" />
        <link rel="up" href="/executive/wiki/Meetings" title="View parent page" />
        <link rel="start" href="/executive/wiki" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="/executive/chrome/common/css/trac.css" type="text/css" /><link rel="stylesheet" href="/executive/chrome/common/css/wiki.css" type="text/css" />
        <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/executive/chrome/common/trac.ico" type="image/x-icon" />
        <link rel="icon" href="/executive/chrome/common/trac.ico" type="image/x-icon" />
      <link type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" rel="search" href="/executive/search/opensearch" title="Search GTALUG Executive" />
    <script type="text/javascript" src="/executive/chrome/common/js/jquery.js"></script><script type="text/javascript" src="/executive/chrome/common/js/trac.js"></script><script type="text/javascript" src="/executive/chrome/common/js/search.js"></script>
    <!--[if lt IE 7]>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="/executive/chrome/common/js/ie_pre7_hacks.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->
    <script type="text/javascript">
      jQuery(document).ready(function($) {
        $("#content").find("h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6").addAnchor("Link to this section");
      });
    </script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="banner">
      <div id="header">
        <a id="logo" href="/executive/wiki/TracIni#header_logo-section"><img src="http://gtalug.org/mediawiki/images/gtalug-logos/gtalug-logo-small.png" alt="" /></a>
      </div>
      <form id="search" action="/executive/search" method="get">
        <div>
          <label for="proj-search">Search:</label>
          <input type="text" id="proj-search" name="q" size="18" value="" />
          <input type="submit" value="Search" />
        </div>
      </form>
      <div id="metanav" class="nav">
    <ul>
      <li class="first"><a href="/executive/login">Login</a></li><li><a href="/executive/prefs">Preferences</a></li><li><a href="/executive/wiki/TracGuide">Help/Guide</a></li><li><a href="/executive/about">About Trac</a></li><li class="last"><a href="/executive/register">Register</a></li>
    </ul>
  </div>
    </div>
    <div id="mainnav" class="nav">
    <ul>
      <li class="first active"><a href="/executive/wiki">Wiki</a></li><li><a href="/executive/timeline">Timeline</a></li><li><a href="/executive/roadmap">Roadmap</a></li><li><a href="/executive/browser">Browse Source</a></li><li><a href="/executive/report">View Tickets</a></li><li class="last"><a href="/executive/search">Search</a></li>
    </ul>
  </div>
    <div id="main">
      <div id="ctxtnav" class="nav">
        <h2>Context Navigation</h2>
          <ul>
              <li class="first"><a href="/executive/wiki/Meetings">Up</a></li><li><a href="/executive/wiki/WikiStart">Start Page</a></li><li><a href="/executive/wiki/TitleIndex">Index</a></li><li><a href="/executive/wiki/Meetings/2013-09-23?action=history">History</a></li><li class="last"><a href="/executive/wiki/Meetings/2013-09-23?action=diff&amp;version=2">Last Change</a></li>
          </ul>
        <hr />
      </div>
    <div id="content" class="wiki">
      <p class="path noprint">
        <a class="pathentry" title="View Meetings" href="/executive/wiki/Meetings">Meetings</a><span class="pathentry sep">/</span><a class="pathentry" title="View Meetings/2013-09-23" href="/executive/wiki/Meetings/2013-09-23">2013-09-23</a>
        <br style="clear: both" />
      </p>
      <div class="wikipage searchable">
        
          <h1 id="BoardMeeting2013-09-23">Board Meeting 2013-09-23</h1>
<h2 id="Attendees">Attendees</h2>
<p>
Myles Braithwaithe,
Chris Browne,
Gordon Chillcott,
Scott Sullivan,  
William Park,
Ivan Avery Frey, 
David Collier Brown, 
Bill Thanis,
Colin McGregor,
Drew Sullivan
</p>
<h2 id="Away">Away</h2>
<p>
Mike Kallies,
Jeff Pikul,
Colin Caprusu,
Seneca Cunningham, 
</p>
<ul><li>Concern: Colin Caprusu has been pretty absent.
<ul><li>Questions asked as to what could be done.  Examination of paperwork shows two directions to do something precipitous:
<ul><li>Bylaws speak to rather severe events (bankruptcy, mental incompetence, and such) that are certainly not applicable
</li><li>We could take a vote to a meeting of members; requires 2/3 majority to accomplish anything, and that makes the board look somewhat like bozos
</li></ul></li><li>Observation made that we have few cases where we vitally need board quorum, and have not had difficulty getting quorum
</li><li>Miles to pursue a proxy
</li><li>Points to part of the election process including comment that "successful board members have generally already been involved" and that candidate should be passionate to be involved.
</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id="SoupPlanning">"Soup" Planning</h2>
<p>
Some new rumbling that there are people that aren't too keen on Spring Roll Go...
</p>
<ul><li>Spring Roll Go - <a class="ext-link" href="http://www.springrolls.ca/"><span class="icon"> </span>http://www.springrolls.ca/</a>
</li></ul><ul><li>Colin checking out Love At First Bite
</li><li>Myles to construct a list of nearby options; found here: <a class="ext-link" href="https://gist.github.com/myles/6685789"><span class="icon"> </span>https://gist.github.com/myles/6685789</a>
</li></ul><h2 id="UpcomingMeetings">Upcoming Meetings</h2>
<ul><li>October - AGM + Small topics including presentations from each committee
</li><li>November - Madison?
</li><li>December - some ideas, Ozan, Go contact?
</li></ul><h2 id="SystemsStuff">Systems Stuff</h2>
<ul><li>Big Blue Button.  Still running
</li><li>Rack cleanup
<ul><li>No real movement
</li></ul></li><li>Mailing list issues
<ul><li>Note there has been some griping surrounding the state of things; apparently DCB email does not make it to the public list.
</li><li>Some noise about Majordomo1 being extremely obsolescent, some commendation of version 2...
</li><li>Scott pursuing this
</li></ul></li><li>Significant issue: Drew needs to draw back from involvement due to major renovation project over the next year
</li></ul><h2 id="InventoryofSocialNetworkingStuff">Inventory of Social Networking Stuff</h2>
<ul><li>Myles suggest having a PR officer and a committee organized similarly to POG, though likely with only a couple meetings per year
</li><li>To pursue after AGM and new board
</li></ul><h2 id="POG">POG</h2>
<ul><li>Hoped to set a board slot for a Ryerson member
<ul><li>Need to be careful; this needs not to worsen quorum situation
</li><li>Seems desirable to defer this until after AGM, and once there has been more collaboration with Ryerson students
</li></ul></li><li>Concluded that it is desirable to rename POG to Community Affairs Group (CAG) as it is getting to be more about interacting with community and a little less about politics
</li><li>Want to print business cards for CAG
<ul><li>Planning to redo GTALUG logo for this.  Myles pointed out all images are findable here: <a class="ext-link" href="http://gtalug.org/mediawiki/images/gtalug-logos/"><span class="icon"> </span>http://gtalug.org/mediawiki/images/gtalug-logos/</a>
</li></ul></li></ul><h3 id="ICANN">ICANN</h3>
<ul><li>Evan complained that GTALUG hadn't voted, when that wasn't the case
</li><li>Made it public, which was rather angering
</li><li>Gord planning to be visibly annoyed
</li><li>Tech folk continuing apace
</li></ul><h2 id="MeetingSpacePlans">Meeting Space/Plans</h2>
<ul><li>Bigger room
<ul><li>Met with Ryerson folk; looked at auditorium downstairs
</li><li>Paperwork underway, expecting change by January
</li></ul></li><li>Projector - still needs to be brought for now...
<ul><li>HDMI adaptor on order
</li></ul></li><li>Collecting statistics on attendance
<ul><li>Should add a wiki page with a table for this
</li></ul></li></ul><h3 id="Publicity">Publicity</h3>
<ul><li>Myles seeking to have this be a committee
</li></ul><h2 id="PicnicPlans">Picnic Plans</h2>
<ul><li>We should start working on this in April next year, on Chris' calendar
</li></ul><h2 id="UpcomingAGMElection">Upcoming AGM/Election</h2>
<ul><li>Returning officer: Colin
</li><li>Three positions open:
<ul><li>Mike
</li><li>Seneca
</li><li>Scott
</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id="BylawChanges">Bylaw Changes</h2>
<ul><li>There is a change to Not-for-profit legislation
</li><li>3 years to get our bylaws fixed
</li><li>Prez should mention this at AGM as part of his presentation
</li></ul>
        
        
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="altlinks">
      <h3>Download in other formats:</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="last first">
          <a rel="nofollow" href="/executive/wiki/Meetings/2013-09-23?format=txt">Plain Text</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><hr />
      <a id="tracpowered" href="http://trac.edgewall.org/"><img src="/executive/chrome/common/trac_logo_mini.png" height="30" width="107" alt="Trac Powered" /></a>
      <p class="left">
        Powered by <a href="/executive/about"><strong>Trac 0.11.5</strong></a><br />
        By <a href="http://www.edgewall.org/">Edgewall Software</a>.
      </p>
      <p class="right">Visit the GTALUG Homepage at<br /><a href="http://gtalug.org/">http://gtalugl.org/</a></p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>